what up YouTube
demo coming into it another video review
got the turbo color turbo color this
piece is yes I said it think I mean this
piece is so rare it's crazy how rare the
species I'm heading for sometime and I
thought I finally do a video review of
it I tried not to do reviews of pieces
that are out there so much but I think
that hey I'd like to do my own little
spin on things but here it is the turbo
color this is a Poland only released
limited to 200 pieces and here's one of
them enthusiasm over as Prizm whatever
world that means so this turbo color is
supposed to represent paint or paint
dripping off the watch so here it is a
top of paint bottom there dw6 900 TK for
turbo color turbo color alright this is
actually pretty cool when you lock the
cap you can't open it with your hands
you can actually pop it like you're
popping a can of paint I'm serious try
to open this with your fingers you know
break a freaky nail off no I didn't do
that popping a cab this is actually
something else happen but it little
disgusting there hurt my finger but
anyway here it is guys turbo color I
mean this is a crazy piece look at this
ah fresh so clean clean
alright this various beat City can
got a little cushion in there to protect
it the Manju on the bottom there here it
is
turbo color look at this look at
beautiful this is it glimmers this
sparkles got this metallic glistening
color to it amazing alright
turbo color I'm pretty sure I didn't do
a review on this yet here's the paint
dripping from blue to white it's amazing
I'm serious you guys gotta see this in
person if you can't capture the details
in a in a in a review video review but
I'm hoping you get a get an idea of how
amazing the species look at the drip
nice little Bank keeper and then
dripping on this side to right there you
can see a simple Mishima fact enthusiasm
over s copies escapism brand-new never
worn
not a damn stain 1289 module DW 900 CB
so this is the CB biggest 8 is it 4 or 8
I think it's a four thread yeah things 8
GB 8 it's pretty much the same module
customized I mean cashew and g-shock
have our infamous for doing that they'll
take a piece and then they're all
customizing and do a collaboration with
it but this I mean I'm I don't mind that
oh this is just a beautiful piece you
see that load dirty on the screen sorry
about that it's not scratches it's just
dirty hate to see that you've cleaned it
mirror like finish to the dial the light
that's how it looks right there
beautiful piece very beautiful piece God
one of my favorites I can't mean this is
the Jordan same module same colors but
yet different but this is hands-down a
beautiful piece all right
turbo color look at that look at you how
beautiful you are
I know it's only a watch
suck it rockin the Frog man today I
searched
frogman beautiful piece look at that so
o'clock holy look like Chicago time
I circ you guys got to get down if you
guys haven't held the Frog man ever had
worn the Frog man it's um can't compare
it can't compare to any other watch I
love it
all right that's the turbo color guys
listen to some got money by t-pain feat
in little Wayne rock out rock you know
what you guys you know are talking about
rock out one out yes I'm a little get
some being a little annoying today but
look at that have every reason to be
beautiful what say what what what
yes right right that's right that's
right that's right that's right
oh all right guys it's our sexy holiday
boy
it's around the corner but you still
won't like this